The first interaction he had with that guy and his /creature/ was at Ghoul Halloween, when they showed up towards the end of Eustace's shift and bought a mask that he swears was never carried at that store. He thought the little hooded thing was a kid in a Halloween costume with cat ears, but then it jumped up onto the counter and /looked/ at him, and the crackle of its overflowing thoughts radiating into his brain made him want to fall over and die right there until the guy shot it a look and hurried it out of the store. 

His memory of the event is fuzzy; as far as he knows, he's never worked at a store that allowed cashiers to accept tips, and he knows he wouldn't risk his job like that on a whim. But somehow, he went home that day with a splitting headache and ten bucks in his pocket that shouldn't have been there, and he never even got any shit for it. He guesses it was an apology - no, not an apology. He didn't feel like he was about to die when the mask was paid for. The guy just slipped him money for no reason, and Eustace thought about the encounter with a mix of confusion and paranoia for days after.

That night, he dreamed he was a little gray thing in a world of weathered, alien-looking ruins, eating popcorn off of a red plant that was three times his size. He felt a sense of disconnection, like he was watching himself through a computer screen, and that was a good thing because he got carried away by a giant lizard five minutes later. It was on his mind for most of the day, half because of how bizarre it was and half because he rarely ever had dreams that he remembered.

The next time he can remember seeing them was on Halloween night, during the corn maze incident. There were many others there. The kid who really needed to use the bathroom. The Halloween freak who kept trying to chat him up while he was at work. Some kid in a dinosaur costume. And /him,/ now dressed up with pale green hair tied back in a ponytail, a black and red dress with a zodiac symbol on the front, a katana at his side, and a pair of animal ears that Eustace swears he saw moving on their own at one point. They didn't interact much, and he's still not sure what the costume was supposed to be. A character from some obscure TV show, maybe, or a video game.

Eustace was there for a few hours at most, but it felt like a whole week of wandering around aimlessly and avoiding the other "guests" like the plague. If someone told him he had died and gone to hell during that time, he wouldn't have questioned it. The last thing he remembers is that little black thing running at him in the creepy smiling mask, and then he was standing on a sidewalk in the dead of night and the Halloween lady - Terri - was screaming her head off about what she had seen in that maze. How he died. How she thought /she/ was going to die. She almost passed out right there on the sidewalk recounting it. He never wanted to see her again, but he also didn't want to be responsible for her getting kidnapped or worse if she wandered off by herself in that state, so he walked her home.

He only ever saw Terri one more time after that, and if he didn't know any better, he'd think she was avoiding him. He guesses he should be thankful for that. It would be far from the last time he saw the guy with the black thing.

---

The night of the corn maze, Eustace dreams that he's a little ghost wrapped in bandages in a world of snowy ruins. He eats a weird flower and is pierced through with the feeling of having lost something, or maybe gained something terrible. The number thirteen twinges in his mind like a knife stabbed into him. He can't shake the feeling that he's been here before. Gnawing hunger wakes him up ten minutes before his alarm clock goes off, like he hasn't eaten in days. Most nights after that, he has dreams where he dies surrounded by corn and pumpkins and carnival music.

They have him working the register for three more days into November, and then the store begins the process of closing down and he's on his own. Within a week, the husk of the building Ghoul Halloween was inhabiting will be exactly as it was before they showed up. By some stroke of luck, he's got another job at a local grocery store lined up and two days to kill before his first shift. 

He spends the first day holed up in his apartment and doing a lot of nothing save for browsing the Internet. He looks at some cool webpages and has the thought of making his own, but he can't think of anything interesting about himself and he doesn't know the first thing about making one even if he could. When he goes to sleep, he dreams of the corn maze. The very cornstalks are seething with hurt and hatred. Nobody can see him. Terri is there, running around in a panic while Guests from another world mock her. /We killed Eustace the most,/ they say.

He wakes up at five in the morning and rots in bed for the better part of two hours, unable and unwilling to go back to sleep. He wonders if something really did happen to her in that maze.

At first, he thinks he'll do the same thing he did yesterday. He has toast and black coffee at his desk in the faint morning light, staring in silence at the blank screen of the computer he hasn't turned on yet. Between the nightmares and everything else he's been through, he eventually realizes that the thought of spending the day sitting in his room and doing nothing again is unbearable to him. If he sits here for one more second, he will explode. He brushes his teeth, throws on some clothes that are close enough to presentable, and goes outside.

The sun is rising. The world is just starting to wake up. For now, everything is cool and quiet. Eustace walks with no real destination in mind. He just. /Needs/ something different.

He sees what he thinks is a black cat down an alleyway next to him. It looks at him, and its eyes are two glowing, white dots that burn into his vision and drown out his thoughts with strobing, incomprehensible /something/ or /nothing/ or some secret third thing-

"/Devil of-!/" 

Not that kind of different.

He stumbles on his feet - he swears he sees the thing waving hello at him - and staggers down the sidewalk, just barely not falling on his face. Instinctively, or maybe against his instincts, he looks behind him. There is only the morning breeze.

He leans against a wall and takes a deep breath to collect himself. He refuses to let his morning be ruined by this. He is going to do something that doesn't make him feel like he's slowly killing himself, and that's final. He blinks the afterimage out of his eyes and keeps walking.

---

A while ago, sitting alone on a park bench might have made Eustace lonely, and the morning sun not looking as gray and lifeless as he felt might have made him angry. But it's today, and the bright, quiet chill of the morning is a little bit calming. He loses track of how long he's there, just sitting on that bench and thinking about nothing in particular. The autumn breeze feels nice on his face.

The park eventually starts to fill with people who weren't woken up at five in the morning by Halloween-themed nightmares, and Eustace drags himself to his feet and leaves. The walk back to his apartment is a meandering one, partially in the hope of not running into that black thing again and partially because he just wants to be outside a little longer. He gets home, or what passes for home these days, and the first thing he does is open the window in the living room.

He spends the rest of that burst of restlessness cleaning up a little. He picks up the dirty plate that's been sitting in the living room for a week and cleans his room while he's at it. He changes his sheets and does the laundry. He tells himself he's going to finally finish unpacking, but then he opens one of the boxes in the living room and remembers why he hasn't touched them. At the end of it, he feels... 'fulfilled' is a strong word, but a little bit better about things. And then it's more Internet articles and cheap, simple food, but he feels a little less terrible about himself than usual.

That night, he dreams of being the little ghost in the frozen ruins again. He pokes his head out of a gap between some bricks and sees that he's in the basement of a building where the floor has caved in, allowing light to stream in and snow to drift down through holes in the roof. He ducks back into the hole he crawled out of and goes back to sleep. For the first night since Halloween, he doesn't dream of the corn maze.

---

On the first day of his new job, nothing noteworthy happens and he's thankful for that.

On the second day, someone drops a jar of spaghetti sauce and he has to clean it up. That night, he dreams of someone sticking a knife in his back and watching him bleed out on the ground.

On the third day, someone gets impatient with him because he's not bagging their groceries fast enough even though he's going as fast as he possibly can. That night, he dreams of his limp body being dragged through the dirt.

On the fourth day, he stays up late because he doesn't like what happens when he goes to sleep. That night, he dreams of being trapped in his body as something that is so hungry wears his skin like a puppet. There is a dark, heavy weight on his head. The world is unraveling around him. It hurts to think.

What the hell ever. It's not like he was getting a good night's sleep to begin with.

On the fifth day, one of his coworkers comes up to him during his break and asks if he's okay.

"Fuck no," he says.

That evening, he runs into that guy from Ghoul Halloween right outside his apartment building. Of course they had to live in the same building - he thinks he might have seen him around before, just never paid attention until now. The creature isn't here this time, but the uncomfortable, piercing resemblance in his eyes has Eustace fighting the impulse to jerk his head away. The guy briefly nods at him in a pleasantly surprised greeting. Why is he so happy to see him? Why does Eustace get that impression from him so strongly when his face has barely moved at all?

After a few skeptical moments, Eustace nods back at him and goes on his way. He dreams of the snow that night, contemplating his reflection in a layer of ice and noticing how similar its shape is to the black thing that keeps showing up to torment him. There is no corn maze that night.

In the morning, he thinks on what he's seen. He saw the creature when he went to the park and he saw the weird guy yesterday evening, and he dreamed about snow those days. Most other nights since Halloween, he's dreamed about dying or worse in the corn maze. The guy and the fucked up cat are strange enough that he thinks they might be connected to the dreams somehow, and the train of thought is starting to make him feel like he's crazy. Maybe he's finally lost it after spending hours of his life as a toilet paper mummy in a stupid shitty corn maze and walking with the most annoying person he knows at two in the morning.

In the end, the worst thing that could happen is there being no connection and Eustace ending up with another weirdo who thinks they're best buddies. He decides that he's crazy enough to go for it.